Clarify GTR security questions to focus on Cloud Native Security Tenets (#2027)
cncf/toc: .archive/resources/toc-supporting-guides/general-technical-questions.md

### Security

  * Please provide a link to the project’s cloud native [security self assessment](https://tag-security.cncf.io/community/assessments/).  

>   * Please review the [Cloud Native Security Tenets](https://github.com/cncf/tag-security/blob/main/community/resources/security-whitepaper/secure-defaults-cloud-native-8.md) from TAG Security.  

Reviewer: This moved during the migration (`cncf/tag-security` has been archived)

```suggestion
  * Please review the [Cloud Native Security Tenets](https://github.com/cncf/contribute-site/blob/main/docs/community/tags/security-and-compliance/publications/secure-defaults-cloud-native-8.md) from TAG Security.  
```

Author: Nice catch! Thank you @brandtkeller
